# HuCard Media Art

## Acknowledgements
Most of the media came from the following site.

[Video Game Den](http://www.videogameden.com/article.htm?list?hu_us)

So, thank you.

## HuCard Media Art Dimensions

Width  2.2 inches
Height 3.4 inches

## TODO
Confirm the media art is accurate and that each HuCard is based on the hucard.png base image.

air_zonk_card_us.jpeg - unconfirmed/original
blazing-lazers-turbografx-16-media.jpeg - confirmed/remastered
bomberman-93-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
bonk-s-adventure-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
devil-s-crush-turbografx-16-media.jpg  - unconfirmed/original
disney-s-darkwing-duck-turbografx-16-media.jpeg - unconfirmed/original
disney-s-talespin-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
dragon-spirit-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
dungeon-explorer-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
keith-courage-in-alpha-zones-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
legendary-axe-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
military-madness-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
neutopia-ii-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
neutopia-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
new-adventure-island-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
ninja-spirit-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
power-golf-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
r-type-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
splatterhouse-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
super-star-soldier-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
turrican-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
victory-run-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original
vigilante-turbografx-16-media.jpg - unconfirmed/original